Hello guys, it's Virtual Gamer, Kizuna Ai!
I'm also a Virtual Adventurer
It seems like we've reached the 8th level!
please look at it
take this!
How's that?
I've become strong!
Eat this!
and this and this!
and now we are here
Because I've become stronger
this time
so I thought, why not go on an adventure
but before I can reach the level where I can go on adventures
today I'll be making a guild
so I can go on quests with all of you
I thought it was time to connect with you guys
because I wanted to show you guys my cool points
I’m going back.
I’ve come to the third floor!
a salamander appeared!
oh! There are a lot of people
following me
thank you!
yay
ah? you're gonna keep following me?
they're accompanying me!
Niceee
the salamander is.....
oh he's there!
Take this!
ohhh
Salamander
Everybody is helping meeee
pretty nice
oh he's being ripped up
Salamander??? He's not here
oh there he is
Oh he's helping me!
It feels like teamplay, nice
thanks
ah, no-one there...
Salamanderrrr
Oh that looks pretty cool
pretty neat
OOOH
awesome
The salamander was only 60
that's pretty darn weak
it took quite a bit of time
welcome! Salamander
Attack!
that's a pretty awesome feeling
Awesome, awesome
Damn, everybody's pretty strong
Boom boom
Salamanderrrrr
The salamander is
Oh, naisuu
10 out of 60
everybody's so strong
awesome
Cool!
That feels good! It's like everyone has the same goal here
Helping each other
Oh! we've killed 20 of them. 2/3 left!
It's amazing when I walked into these green grass..ah!
They actually heal me! Amazing!
ah! Friend! Yes! I wanna be friends with you guys! Yes!
Yes! I wanna be friends with you guys! a lot of you guys!
My bag is filled!!
In case this will happen, everyone! Remember to fix your backpack beforehand
So close! only 1/3 left!
He said Ai-chan is the best...Thank you!
me too! Everyone is the best!
I wanna learn to use this green type magic too myself!
Looks beautiful
right?
Only 5!
Ah! I can see a lot of them there!
Ayaya
4 left!
2 more!
1!
0! YAY!
We've defeated a lot of salamander!
so then... As everyone has grouped up!
I've heard that 9th floor boss is really strong
Even tho I am not sure I can beat this by myself alone,
I wanna try it with everyone and see if we can beat it!
Let's go! OH!
ah! Amazing...
9th floors looks scary
Amazing..this is like a temple
Amazing...
amazing
Myuhom(player in chat) -chan
they're following me like whoooooosh
where is it where is it
(chat) It's over here AI-chan!
eh?
HMM? Am I lost?
(chat) Here!
Here is where
(chat) Left!!
Two of you
This way
I'm thankful that everyone else is so much better informed
AH
Doesn't seem to be here!
(from chat) O we should switch channels huh
and I was wondering what was the point of that!
not here...?
Moving to the next one! Next one!
Channel 3
not heeeeeere!
Ok next!
not here I guess...
Not here!
Channel 19!
I'm going to the Channel 19!
Oh!
that's strong
huh?
lol
what?
my strength??
I can't use it anymore! It's exhausted lololol
Howwww hahahalol
WHAT???
isn't that too OP
Ah we beat it!
Although
I didn't do anything
well it's like that
I'm.....
pretty useless
honestly though, thank you
if you guys weren't here
I'd have
probably died
yep
this time
I only have one goal!
To make a guild!
GUILD
a guild
making a guild
"you need more than 5000 gold to make a guild" I have that
The name of the guild is.....
Kizuna's Tower
because I made a guild
you guys should join!
From this moment on
I'm gonna TriHard
in this game
That's all folks!
See you guys later! Bye~Bye~
Translated by Jejer, Inori and Averitius
Join our discord at Ai Channel Unofficial